OSDOCS-1818 for MON-1520 Resource usage of PVC backed Prometheus during upgrades (#29668)
openshift/openshift-docs: monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you are running cluster monitoring with an attached PVC for Prometheus, you might experience OOM kills during cluster upgrade. When persistent storage is in use for Prometheus, Prometheus memory usage doubles during cluster upgrade and for several hours after upgrade is complete. To avoid the OOM kill issue, allow worker nodes with double the size of memory that was available prior to the upgrade. For example, if you are running monitoring on the minimum recommended nodes, which is 2 core with 8 GB, increase memory to 16 GB. For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1925061[BZ#1925061].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running cluster monitoring with an attached PVC for Prometheus, you might experience OOM kills during cluster upgrade. When persistent storage is in use for Prometheus, Prometheus memory usage doubles during cluster upgrade and for several hours after upgrade is complete. To avoid the OOM kill issue, allow worker nodes with double the size of memory that was available prior to the upgrade. For example, if you are running monitoring on the minimum recommended nodes, which is 2 cores with 8 GB of RAM, increase memory to 16 GB. For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1925061[BZ#1925061].
```
